app/dist/content/egrid-dev-portal.md, before:

---
title: "eGRID Dev Portal"
introTitle: "An eGRID landing page on GitHub presenting power plant data."
introContent: "Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur. In justo sit ullamcorper tempus nam enim adipiscing integer morbi. Id a ac a pellentesque a cras. Donec duis vestibulum pulvinar donec amet feugiat lectus urna gravida. Aliquet."
sections:
  - title: "eGRID Dev Portal"
    sectionTitle: "eGRID Products"
    sectionContent: "Repositories for released products"
    cards:
      - title: "eGRID Production Code"
        content: "Repository where the eGRID methodology is available for review and collaboration in the R programming language."
        link: "https://github.com/usepa/egrid"
      - title: "Power Profiler"
        content: "Repository where the Power Profiler code is available in the R programming language."
        link: "https://github.com/USEPA/power-profiler"
      - title: "eGRID Explorer"
        content: "Repository where eGRID Explorer code is available in the R programming language."
        link: "https://github.com/USEPA/egrid-explorer"
    sectionTitle2: "eGRID Experiments"
    sectionContent2: "Repositories for products in development"
    cards2:
      - title: "Consumption-Based Rates"
        content: "Repository where the methodology for consumption-based rates is available in Python"
        link: "https://github.com/USEPA/egrid-consumption-rates"
      - title: "Monthly Data"
        content: "R code is used to produce the monthly data for the annual eGRID release."
        link: "/"
      - title: "EPA-EIA Crosswalk"
        content: "Repository of R code used to match EPA and EIA plants and units."
        link: "https://github.com/USEPA/camd-eia-crosswalk"
      - title: "EPA Hourly Fuel Type"
        content: "R code used to estimate the hourly fuel type for units reporting data to EPA."
        link: "https://github.com/USEPA/egrid-explorer"
      - title: "PM<sub>2.5</sub>, NH<sub>3</sub>, and VOCs"
        content: "Repository of R code used to determine PM<sub>2.5</sub>, NH<sub>3</sub>, and VOC emissions and emission rates."
        link: "/"

Commit message:

Adding feature for custom link text.

app/dist/content/egrid-dev-portal.md, after:

---
title: "eGRID Dev Portal"
introTitle: "An eGRID landing page on GitHub presenting power plant data."
introContent: "Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur. In justo sit ullamcorper tempus nam enim adipiscing integer morbi. Id a ac a pellentesque a cras. Donec duis vestibulum pulvinar donec amet feugiat lectus urna gravida. Aliquet."
sections:
  - title: "eGRID Dev Portal"
    sectionTitle: "eGRID Products"
    sectionContent: "Repositories for released products"
    cards:
      - title: "eGRID Production Code"
        content: "GRID methodology available for review and collaboration in the R programming language."
        link: "https://github.com/usepa/egrid"
        linkText: "Go to eGRID Production Code"
      - title: "Power Profiler"
        content: "Power Profiler code available in the R programming language."
        link: "https://github.com/USEPA/power-profiler"
        linkText: "Go to Power Profiler"
      - title: "eGRID Explorer"
        content: "Repository where eGRID Explorer code is available in the R programming language."
        link: "https://github.com/USEPA/egrid-explorer"
        linkText: "Go to eGRID Explorer"
    sectionTitle2: "eGRID Experiments"
    sectionContent2: "Repositories for products in development"
    cards2:
      - title: "Consumption-Based Rates"
        content: "Methodology for consumption-based rates is available in Python"
        link: "https://github.com/USEPA/egrid-consumption-rates"
        linkText: "Go to Consumption-Based Rates"
      - title: "Monthly Data"
        content: "R code is used to produce the monthly data for the annual eGRID release."
        link: "/"
        linkText: "Coming soon"
      - title: "EPA-EIA Crosswalk"
        content: "R code used to match EPA and EIA plants and units."
        link: "https://github.com/USEPA/camd-eia-crosswalk"
        linkText: "Go to EPA-EIA Crosswalk"
      - title: "EPA Hourly Fuel Type"
        content: "R code used to estimate the hourly fuel type for units reporting data to EPA."
        link: "https://github.com/USEPA/egrid-explorer"
        linkText: "Go to EPA Hourly Fuel Type"
      - title: "PM<sub>2.5</sub>, NH<sub>3</sub>, and VOCs"
        content: "Repository of R code used to determine PM<sub>2.5</sub>, NH<sub>3</sub>, and VOC emissions and emission rates."
        link: "/"
        linkText: "Coming soon"
